1.diff programming language,markup and scripting language?
    When it comes to making a website or app coding involves
    basically three types of languages i.e the programming language,
    Scripting Language and Markup Language. 
i.)Programming language:
programming languages are set of instructions or code which tells a computer
what it needs to do

 Examples are Java, C, C++, C#.

ii).Scripting Language:
it’s all about giving the script to perform some certain task.

Examples are Javascript, PHP, Perl.

iii.)Markup Languages: 
Markup languages prepare a structure for the content or prepare
the look or design of a page.

Examples are HTML,XML


2.compiler vs interpreter

Compiler	
A compiler translates the entire source code in a single run.

It consumes less time i.e., it is faster than an interpreter.

It is more efficient.

CPU utilization is more.

Both syntactic and semantic errors can be checked simultaneously.

It is not flexible.

Interpreter
An interpreter translates the entire source code line by line.

It consumes much more time than the compiler i.e., it is slower than the compiler.

It is less efficient.

CPU utilization is less as compared to the compiler.

Only syntactic errors are checked.

It is flexible.

3.History of Javascript

JavaScript was invented by Brendan Eich in 1995.It was developed for
Netscape 2, and became the ECMA-262 standard in 1997. JavaScript was 
initially implemented in Netscape Navigator, which was the most popular
browser at the time. The language was quickly adopted by Microsoft for
use in Internet Explorer.

4.implementation of Javascript

There are following three ways in which users can add JavaScript to HTML pages.

Embedding code
Inline code
External file

5.Javascript Features

Light Weight Scripting language.
Dynamic Typing.
Object-oriented programming support.
Functional Style.
Platform Independent.
Prototype-based.
Interpreted Language.
Single-threaded.

6.  OOP vs POP

-----------OOP------------
(Object oriented programming language)

Object oriented.

Program is divided into objects.

The existing code can be reused.

use for solving big problems.	

Examples:C++, Java.	

------------POP-----------
(procedure oriented programming)

Structure oriented .

Program is divided into functions.

No code reusability.

Not suitable for solving big problems.

Examples: C, Pascal.




